# $File: //member/autrijus/inc-Beer-Admin/lib/inc/Beer/Admin.pod $ $Author: autrijus $
# $Revision: #1 $ $Change: 4467 $ $DateTime: 2003/02/28 06:57:59 $

=head1 NAME

inc::Beer::Admin - Alcoholic Replacement for ExtUtils::MakeMaker

=head1 VERSION

This document describes version 0.01 of inc::Beer::Admin, released
released February 28, 2003.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your Makefile.PL:

    use inc::Beer::Admin;
    WriteMakefile;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module is a drop-in replacement for B<ExtUtils::MakeMaker>,
and a fork of the wonderfully inspiring B<CPAN::MakeMaker>.

The intention of this module, although only half-serious, is to
encourage adoption for the catalyst-style, customizable distribution
allowed by Brian "Ingy" Ingerson's B<CPAN::MakeMaker>.

Before I get around to write some new documentations for this module,
please just read L<CPAN::MakeMaker> and L<CPAN::MakeMaker-Philosophy>
for the real documentation. :-)

Based on to version 0.10 of B<CPAN::MakeMaker>, this module adds
several features:

=over 4

=item Ability to check and download F<nmake.exe> for Win32 users

For Win32 Perl users, the non-redistributable F<nmake.exe> is often 
needed before installing CPAN modules.  Now simply write this in
your F<Makefile.PL>:

    use inc::Beer::Admin 'check_nmake';
    check_nmake();
    WriteMakefile;

It will then automatically check for a valid F<nmake.exe> before
writing F<Makefile.PL>, and offers to download it from the vendor
site and install it.

=item Fetching remote files via FTP

You may also import C<get_file> function to fetch needed files,
executables, PAR bundles, etc from remote hosts.

=item Integration with B<Module::Signature>

A new make action, B<make distsign>, is added for B<Module::Signature>
users to sign the distribution before release.

=cut

=head1 FAQ

=head2 Why does this module have an C<inc> prefix?

The original implementation of B<CPAN::MakeMaker> introduces subtle
problems for distributions ending with C<CPAN> (e.g. B<CPAN.pm>,
B<WAIT::Format::CPAN>), because its placement of F<./CPAN/> duplicates
the real libraries that will get installed; also, the directory name
F<./CPAN/> may confuse users.

On the other hand, storing bundled, for-build-time-only libraries in
F<./inc/> is a normal practice, and there is little chance that a
CPAN distribution will be called C<Foo::Bar::inc>, so it's much safer
to use.

Also, it allows for other helper modules like B<ExtUtils::AutoInstall>
to reside also in F<./inc/> and make use of them in the future.

=head2 But what about the C<Beer::Admin> part?

On February 28, 2003, following exchange took place on C<#perl>:

    <ingy> autrijus: I might just advise that only CPAN.pm use 0.11,
           and not actually release the version for the general public
    <autrijus> ugh. but i want 0.11 to play with :)
    <Spoon> 0.11 of what?
    <autrijus> Spoon: of a highly convoluted module that requires
               Int 17 to understand.
    <Spoon> it has no name?
    <autrijus> no one dare speaking of its name.
    <autrijus> Spoon: but one can hint; it has the nexus of perl
               community as its first name, and the humble device that
               installs modules as its last name
    <EuroXwrn> Beer::Admin
    <Spoon> oh. that one.
    <autrijus> EuroXwrn: that's a good one
    <Spoon> ingy's module that someone called viral
    <ingy> Spoon: shhhh
    * autrijus decides to fork CPAN::MakeMaker into Acme::Beer::Admin
    <ingy> nice

So there.

=head1 AUTHORS

Autrijus Tang E<lt>autrijus@autrijus.orgE<gt>

Based on original works of Brian Ingerson <INGY@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2002, 2003 by Autrijus Tang E<lt>autrijus@autrijus.orgE<gt>.
Copyright (c) 2002. Brian Ingerson. All rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

See L<http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html>

=cut

# Local variables:
# c-indentation-style: bsd
# c-basic-offset: 4
# indent-tabs-mode: nil
# End:
# vim: expandtab shiftwidth=4:
